README.md, before:

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

# Insult Reminders Firefox Extension

Welcome to `Insult Reminders`, a Firefox extension designed to add a touch of humor to your productivity routine. With this extension, you can set timers for your tasks, and if you hit snooze when the timer goes off, get ready to receive a hilarious insult as a reminder!

### Installation

### How to Use

* Click on the Insult Reminders icon in your Firefox toolbar to open the extension.
* Set the duration for your timer by entering the desired time in seconds.
* Click on the "Start" button to start the timer.
* You can stop the timer at any time by clicking on the "Stop" button or snooze it by clicking on the "Snooze" button.
* When the timer expires and you hit the snooze button, enjoy a humorous insult to remind you that your time is up!

### How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community to make Insult Reminders even better! Whether you're a developer, designer, or simply have a great idea, we'd love to hear from you. Please check out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ossd-s24/insult-reminders/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started. Thank you for helping make Insult Reminders awesome!

### License

Insult Reminders is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ossd-s24/insult-reminders/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add link to install extension

README.md, after:

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

# Insult Reminders Firefox Extension

Welcome to `Insult Reminders`, a Firefox extension designed to add a touch of humor to your productivity routine. With this extension, you can set timers for your tasks, and if you hit snooze when the timer goes off, get ready to receive a hilarious insult as a reminder!

### Installation

Install the extension from the [Firefox Browser Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/insult-reminders/) page.

### How to Use

* Click on the Insult Reminders icon in your Firefox toolbar to open the extension.
* Set the duration for your timer by entering the desired time in seconds.
* Click on the "Start" button to start the timer.
* You can stop the timer at any time by clicking on the "Stop" button or snooze it by clicking on the "Snooze" button.
* When the timer expires and you hit the snooze button, enjoy a humorous insult to remind you that your time is up!

### How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community to make Insult Reminders even better! Whether you're a developer, designer, or simply have a great idea, we'd love to hear from you. Please check out our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/ossd-s24/insult-reminders/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started. Thank you for helping make Insult Reminders awesome!

### License

Insult Reminders is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ossd-s24/insult-reminders/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.
